id: 
Name: Temple of Ascendance
Type: Plane: Zaegoth
Planeshift: At the beginning of your upkeep, put a divinity counter on Temple of Ascendance then gain X life where X is the number of divinity coutners on Temple of Ascendance.
Chaos: Exchange life total with target player


id:
Name: Trackers Bureau
Type: Plane: Innistrad
Planeshift: Whenever a land enters the battlefield, its controller places a Mana Burst token on this Trackers Bureau. All players gain a life for each two mana burst tokens on Trackers Bureau.
Chaos: Target land produces mana equal to the number of mana burst tokens on Trackers Bureau of any color that land can produce.

id:
Name: The Zephyr Maze
Type: Plane: Kyneth
Planeshift: Creatures with flying get +2/+0. Creatures without flying get -2/-0.
Chaos: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.

id:
Name: Windriddle Palaces
Type: Plane Belenon
Planeshift: Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed. You may play the top card of any player's library.
Chaos: Each player puts the top card of his or her library into his or her graveyard.

id:
Name: Valley of Idols
Type: Plane: Tarkir
Planeshift: All players Commanders cost 1 less generic mana.
Chaos: Each player may move their commander from the command zone to the battlefield.

id:
Name: The Royal Treasury
Type: Plane: Zaegoth
Planeshift: At the beginning of your upkeep, put a Tithe counter on The Royal Treasury. Scry X where X is the number of tithe counters on The Royal Treasury then draw a card.
Chaos: Target player reveals the top X cards of his or her library, where X is the number of Tithe counters on The Royal Treasury. You may cast one of those revealed cards without paying its mana cost. Put the other revealed cards on the bottom of that players library.

id
Name: The Great Forest
Type: Plane Lorwyn
Planeshift:  Each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
Chaos: Creatures you control get +0/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.


id: 
Name: The Celestial Tower
Type: Plane: Zaegoth
Planeshift: At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain X life, where X is the number of cards in your hand.
Chaos: Create an artifact creature token with lifelink whose power and toughness is equal to the number of cards in your hand.


id:
Name: Temple of Revelation
Type: Plane: Ushval
Planeshift: All players play with their hands revealed.
Chaos: You may discard any number of cards in your hand. If you do, draw X cards, where X is the number of cards you discarded.


